welcome to Japanese cooking 101 today we
are going to make chicken do-don do-don
it's one of our favourite quick fixed
meals and perfect for lunch you can eat
it as a simple bowl of soup with some
green onions or you can put any types of
meats and vegetables to make it Hardy
here are the ingredients we have two
packages of frozen Oden 4 cups dashi
fish broth according to 1/2 teaspoon
salt 2 tbsp soy sauce 3 tablespoons
meeting 2 tbsp sake 2 chicken thighs cut
into bite-size pieces and 4 green onions
thinly and diagonally cut there are
different types of bouton you can buy
the best udon is fresh one of course you
can try to make it at home but if you
are in Japan you can buy fresh udon
almost anywhere if you live outside of
Japan like us the best option is the
frozen Iran that is used in this recipe
the fresh ready to eat udon is freezed
individually and you can just put it in
the broth to heat it up a little bit the
quality is very good and has great
texture
this is our favorite option you can find
frozen food on just like the one in this
picture at most Japanese or Asian
markets in the US if you don't have
access to fresh or frozen food on you
can still make good on using dry you
don't noodles the quality depends on the
brand but it's not bad it's great to
keep it in your pantry if you use dry
O'Donnell please cook it first following
the instructions on the package before
starting to put in the broth and don't
overcook dry food on we've done that
before and it's not that good - used
here is Japanese fish broth and it's a
key flavor factor of you don't soup we
have a very easy to make dashi recipe
and video on our website
japanese cooking 101.com we also explain
more details about all of the
ingredients that are used in this recipe
here is a quick recap of how to make
dashi we boil a couple of handfuls of
dried bonito flakes in boiling water for
a few minutes and then strain it that's
it it's really easy to make and very
flavorful here we have four cups of
dashi to a boil add salt soy sauce
meeting and suck it stir it a few times
to mix the seasoning then add chicken
pieces heat until the chicken is cooked
through a few minutes add some udon here
if you are using frozen food on you can
put it straight from the freezer or
after quickly throwing in water if you
are using dry noodles please cook it in
boiling water first following the
instructions on the package let it
simmer for a few minutes put in most of
green onions including white parts you
might want to save a handful to put on
top as garnish later pour noodles and
soup into a bowl and sprinkle on the
rest of the green onions and some
sashimi Japanese spice on top it's very
quick and easy to make and delicious and
filling perfect for lunch
what she